README.md, before:

# Accord
 
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CSXL/accord?style=flat-square)
![Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/stage-planning-blue?style=flat-square)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-python-informational?style=flat-square&logo=python)
 
`Simple integration` solution using `microservice` architecture.
 
## Description
 
Accord is going to be CSXL's open source, highly-customizable, scalable, and simple integration solution. Many current integration solutions are either too trivial or complex because of their monolithic architecture. To beat this complexity issue, Accord will be composed as a series of detached microservices and tools. This project is geared towards individuals and enterprises who need to implement specific tools and integrations in a scaleable way without hitting their head against their keyboard.
 
If you are looking for an integration hub we highly recommend [Open Integration Hub](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/openintegrationhub), which is a huge inspiration for this project. Our project is more trivial and made to fit our internal workflow.
 
## Technologies
 
Most technologies are still to be decided. If you have any recommendations make a pull request or an issue.
| Technology | Type | Description | 
:- | :- | :-
| [Python](https://www.python.org/) | Language | Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics

Commit message:

update README.md | add Supported Integrations, fix formatting, and add contact in description

README.md, after:

# Accord
 
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CSXL/accord?style=flat-square)
![Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/stage-planning-blue?style=flat-square)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-python-informational?style=flat-square&logo=python)
 
`Simple integration` solution using `microservice` architecture.
 
## Description
 
Accord is going to be CSXL's open source, highly-customizable, scalable, and simple integration solution. Many current 
integration solutions are either too trivial or complex because of their monolithic architecture. To beat this 
complexity issue, Accord will be composed as a series of detached microservices and tools. This project is geared 
individuals and enterprises who need to implement specific tools and integrations in a scalable way without hitting 
their head against their keyboard.
 
If you are looking for an integration hub we highly recommend 
[Open Integration Hub](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/openintegrationhub), which is a huge inspiration for this 
project. Our project is more trivial and made to fit our internal workflow.

If you have any requests or recommendations: open a pull request, an issue, or email [info@csxlabs.org](mailto:info@csxlabs.org).
## Technologies
 
Technologies are still being planned. If you have any requests or recommendations, open a pull request or an issue. 
| Technology | Type | Description | 
:- | :- | :-
| [Python](https://www.python.org/) | Language | Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics

## Supported Integrations
 
These are the integrations that CSXL will be using internally, and will be in-turn supported out-of-the box. 
If you have any requests or recommendations for other integrations, open a pull request or an issue. 
| Integration | Type | Description | 
:- | :- | :-
| [Discord](https://www.discord.com/) | Instant messaging and VoIP | Discord is a VoIP, instant messaging and digital distribution platform. Users communicate with voice calls, video calls, text messaging, media and files in private chats or as part of communities called "servers".
| [Google Forms](https://developers.google.com/forms/api/reference/rest) | Survey administration | Google Forms is a survey administration software included as part of the free, web-based Google Docs Editors suite offered by Google.
| [Google Workspace (GW) Admin SDK Directory API](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory) | GW user and group management | The Directory API is used to create and manage resources attached to your Google Workspace domain, such as users, org charts, and groups. 
| [Google Workspace (GW) Admin SDK Settings API](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/admin-settings) | GW domain and email routing | The Google Workspace Admin Settings API allows administrators of Google Workspace domains to retrieve and change the settings of their domains in the form of Google Data API feeds.
